# Corpus
The corpus that is used in my analysis consists out of all the national anthems of the world. The aim of this corpus is to analyze what musical characteristics of a song make it a national anthem. I find it interesting to see how one song can become so nationally known and rooted in a country. Within the corpus the music therefore all share the common factor that it is the national anthem of a country. One interesting aspect to consider is the geographical and cultural influences of national anthems to see if countries that are close together also share similarites of the same style in their national anthems. Another point of comparison could be the year that the national anthem song has been composed to see if it has any impact on the style of the national anthem compared to other countries that were composed in the same time period. 

Typical national anthems are hard to define but one national anthem that stands out from the rest is the one from Nepal which anthem was introduced relatively recently and therefore uses more modern instruments distinguishing it from most older anthems.

It is important to note that the corpus is representative of all the national anthems of today, however, many national anthems have changed over time since their original composition. This can be seen as a limitation of the analysis, as it does not account for the historical evolution of national anthems. Nevertheless, this corpus offers a wealth of information about the musical characteristics of national anthems and is still able to provide a strong representation of the cultural heritage of a country.

PLOTS
The plot acousticness_vs_energy shows the confidence of acousticness plotted against the confidence of energy. The size of the points indicate the loudness and the color illustrates the mode. The acousticness in all the songs is clustered together between 0.75 and 1.00 which indicates that most songs are acoustic. This shows the similarity of instrumental style between the songs. The energy of the songs is relatively low, most songs are around 0.25. The loudness of the songs are on average around -23.6. Both axis are limitted between 0 and 1. This plot can give a good baseline for later research in comparing different anthems from the baseline to see what makes them different and to check if the geographical location or year of composing has an influence on these differences.

The plot Liveness vs Instrumentalness shows the confidence of liveness plotted against the confidence of Instrulmentalness. The results in this plot are not yet significant because the corpus that I used only used the instrumental versions of the national anthems. It might be better to also include the vocal versions to see how well the instrumentalness is similar among the different national anthems. The liveness of the song cluster around 0.25 which indicates that most songs are not live recorded with an audience.
